thank
and there Soren
as it plays on the net through the people
must become more stable
Want to score
Base also offers for the next games for this confidence
Satisfied that the team he has played concentrated
sometimes a little tired was subject
can do a lot more work
I want to score points
Mohammed VI again a difficult task
Play a 1 see
home strong team this forced death will be missing
strong in the tackle
Stork we have now submit this year but
we also have
against Bavaria the game runners can keep up, I expect that too
from my crew morning
that we also went in duels
also had a bit guilty but how must Nastassja he says Stewart
badly presented and Osborne
make up for it now
as far as the squads are concerned
Russell chapters come back again
I have to pay again
punishment
for me it was a joke
at the 2
Oh, right
Here you can discuss whether that was lazy or not at the quiz
A halfway show Kamaz want for games
a bit over the top, I hope you will not play in two
Buy then hurt his players like that
but postponed
a
Controls what you play to know the whole thing
Press conference is now available on fc-tv
become